Previously on Day
of the Dead.
McDermott died stopping
that thing.
[screeching]
Blackwood: Don't I owe it
to him to tell somebody
what Cleargenix is doing
out there?
Girl, you don't owe anything
to anyone.
That's my dad.
Blackwood: He's not
your dad anymore.
He's something else.
Trust me.
Jai is out there somewhere and
I'm not taking this dress off
until I see my husband again!
[glass shatters]
So it's my fault
we're trapped here?
I can't believe I left my wife
at Paymart so I could die here.
Cam: Guys, stop fighting.
Oh shit.
[growling and snarling]
♪
Voice: To anyone
who can hear my voice.
We can help you.
We can get you to safety.
[growling and snarling]
Voice: Get in the truck, now!
Oh shit.
Come on. Come on.
Go, go, go, go!
Paula: We can't leave yet.
We still have somebody
out there.
Voice: We'll find them.
Just get in!
It's in the water.
Get your ass in, now!
[panting]
[growling and snarling nearby]
[pulsing theme music]
♪
Where are you taking us?
Excuse me, we have a friend
that's still out there.
You know what?
I am the mayor of this town
and I am ordering...
Mom.
Dude? Trent?
Jesus, man, you're okay!
Thanks for looking
for me, dick.
What? You ran off.
And you didn't wonder
what happened to me?
If I was okay?
If I got away?
You know, I was in the woods
for hours
with nothing else to eat
but pineapple Jolly Ranchers.
Pineapple, my guy!
Man, I called you.
I left a message.
Who listens to messages,
anymore?
Text me, bitch.
♪
Think about it.
Some of the dead
came back today,
some of them didn't.
Yeah, but the water?
I just watched it happen.
That postal worker was dead.
Like dead, dead.
And then she got sprayed
with that cannon and boom.
Zombie.
You buying this?
How do you know she wasn't
gonna come back anyway?
Just by being attacked?
This morning,
at the cemetery,
before those bastards starting
crawling out of the ground
all the sprinklers went off,
soaked every grave.
[growling and snarling]
When I got to the country club
the landscapers were
watering the grounds.
‐Yes.
‐See?
What?
That guy, Jerry,
at the funeral home.
I rinsed him off
before I embalmed him.
Used the water
from the tap.
I'm telling you.
I don't know if it's a virus,
a parasite, or an alien fungus,
but it's in the water.
Hey.
What's that dickhole
doing here?
Y'all friends again?
Yeah. Yeah, I guess so.
So what was I?
Like a backup friend?
A backup friend? No.
It's like I don't even
know you anymore.
Well, maybe you don't.
Maybe you never did.
What the hell is that supposed
to mean?
Hey, we've been friends
all senior year.
I know you.
I know that I can't trust you
to bring beer to a party,
and I also know
that you're a virgin.
Yeah.
Yeah, y'all didn't know that?
I found out this morning.
Trent, just shut up.
Ohhh. Is the big bestie
stepping in?
Okay, bestie.
You tell me something about him
that I don't know.
What is it, huh?
I'm listening, asshole.
Speak up.
He's gay, okay?
For real?
Yes.
He's a homosexual.
Yeah.
And everyone's cool with it,
too.
Right, guys?
Cool. Yeah... uh.
If you guys just wanna
throw me out to the zombies,
that'd be great.
Okay, sure.
♪
[zombies snarling]
[groans]
You son of a bitch!
[slap]
You could have helped
my sister!
You could have saved her!
But you didn't!
Please, leave me alone.
You're a doctor and
you just stood there
and you watched her die!
She was everything I had!
Get your hands off me!
What on earth
is going on here?
I hope you die.
Cindy, you don't mean that.
You...your sister, there was
no way of saving her.
You... you saw,
she almost killed me.
I wish she had.
Herb...
I'm fine. I'm fine.
♪
[phone rings]
[sighs]
Where are you taking us?
Somewhere safe.
Yeah, well there are other
survivors at Paymart.
You can't just
leave them there.
Yeah, they're telling me there
are more survivors at Paymart.
Affirmative, ok.
[snarling and growling]
What are we supposed to do?
Why are you asking me?
People are starting
to lose their shit.
They're scared.
We need a real leader.
[screams]
Everybody just relax.
Probably just tripped a breaker.
I'll see if I can find
the box.
[squeak]
What is that? Water?
♪
What is this place?
He said he was taking us
somewhere safe.
This looks safe to you?
[ring clinks on the ground]
Okay, enough
with the mystery.
I want to know what the hell
we're doing‐
[door lock clicks]
You okay?
Yeah.
Yeah, everything's fine.
♪
So, crazy day, right?
What?
Sorry, I thought this was
one of our classic
Lauren/Cam banter moments.
Oh.
[sighs]
You're wrong about something,
you know.
You said I'd never make it
out of this shit‐hole town.
Well, as it turns out,
I'm being evacuated so there.
Well, in my defense
when I said that
I hadn't really considered
invasion by the undead
as an option.
I was really just giving you
shit about not having a future.
[laughs]
You might still be right
about that part.
[sighs]
What is it?
It's just, I thought my dad
was avoiding me.
I thought he was still pissed
about our fight.
When I left the house
this morning
I thought he was just
in his room
giving me the silent
treatment, but...
he wasn't even there.
I was talking shit
on him to you,
and he might have
already been dead.
What am I supposed to do?
He's still walking around
out there.
He's still my dad.
I still love him.
Look... you can't think of him
like that.
It's not the same thing.
Could you do that?
Just forget him?
'Cause I couldn't.
I know you feel alone right now
but you're not.
I'm with you.
Woah.
Oh, my god!
I'm such an idiot.
I'm so sorry.
Uh, everything's cool
between us.
Not that there is an "us".
We're just friends.
But I'm gonna walk off.
[laughs softly]
[knocking]
Excuse me?
Can somebody tell us
what's going on here?
My wife is still out there.
[knocking]
Hello?!
Amy, I am so sorry.
I should be sad, right?
I mean, that's what happens.
People die and you're sad,
but...
I'm not sad.
I'm not mad.
I don't feel anything.
Everybody's been through
a lot today.
I'm... I'm sure it's just
the shock.
Maybe you just need
some time alone.
It wasn't easy to be
your daughter.
[sniffs]
You were demanding
and elitist.
Frankly, you were an asshole.
[sighs]
But... I want you to know
that I forgive you.
You were just trying to make me
into something
you thought I should be.
I'm just glad I didn't turn out
that way.
[exhales]
Cindy: Stop it!
Let go of me!
I didn't kill anyone!
She said she wished he was dead
and now he's dead.
You don't have to be a cop
to do that math.
Just lock her in the back room
'til we figure it out.
You can't do this.
I didn't do anything!
We didn't survive this long
just to have someone start
killing us from the inside.
I don't think she killed him.
He has a huge gash
in his side.
And where did
that come from?
I don't know, maybe...
maybe it was out on the road
before we got here.
He got attacked
so maybe I‐
Look, I let innocent people die.
People I called here to help us!
Because I didn't do anything!
I'm not letting
that happen again.
Are you okay with this?
It's just a precaution.
♪
I heard them in the truck.
They think it's in the water
and that's how it spreads.
Jesus, man, what if
they're right?
Cleargenix sent us here
to save people
and to cover the company's ass,
but everybody here could be
infected with this shit.
What happens when you take 'em
out of here, huh?
You're gonna be responsible for
spreading the goddamn plague.
Unless you can contain it,
stop it,
we're not letting anyone
out of this town.
You understand?
♪
Look, all I'm saying is that
I'm not mad at you.
What do you have
to be mad about?
Because you lied to me.
And you made me
look like an idiot.
The whole time I've been pushing
you to have sex with girls
I should have been pushing you
to have sex with guys.
I don't wanna be pushed
to have sex with anyone.
And that's why
you're a virgin.
Luke? Can I talk to you?
Oh, hey, Ms. Bowman.
Look, I'm really sorry about
what happened to your husband.
Look, if you ever need,
you know, to talk or anything.
Trent, go away.
Dude. Stop hitting on my mom.
Damn.
I was trying to be here
for Paula in her time of need.
Goodbye.
Oof.
God, that kid's a creep.
Yeah, he is.
[sighs]
Listen, I want you to know that
I heard everything you said,
and you were right.
About my career,
about your father,
and about the type of mother
that I've been.
You're right about all of it.
You know, believe it or not,
I actually had no interest
in getting into politics.
But sometimes
a thing happens
that changes you forever.
Suddenly all the places you felt
safe don't feel safe anymore
and all the people you trusted,
they take advantage.
What're you talking about?
What happened?
You know, when you were born
you were...
[teary] You were so little
and so helpless.
I just... the thought of you
growing up in a world
with that kind
of darkness just...
so I decided to do something
about it.
I ran for mayor and I won.
I uh... I tried to make
this town a place
where bad things
didn't happen.
And I think maybe
I got lost in that.
I was so consumed
with keeping the power
that I forgot why I wanted it
in the first place.
You know, your father,
he always saw the light
in everything.
Even in the darkest times.
You were that for him.
He loved you more
than anything.
And he was so proud of you.
I haven't been there
for you.
But that's going to change.
Never apologize
for who you are.
Not to me,
not to anyone.
Yeah.
I love you so much, okay?
I love you, too, Mom.
[crying]
I've been all over this room.
There's no way out.
We're completely locked in.
Okay.
So we're safe.
We don't know who
these people are.
Okay, yeah, but they're trying
to keep us safe.
They rescued us, right?
And why?
Why do they have us locked
in a building
in the middle of nowhere?
Something doesn't feel right.
[ring clinks]
[clattering]
Shit.
[screams]
We don't know what happened.
She threatened him,
everyone heard her.
But you had Cindy locked up,
it couldn't have been her.
We have to find her
before she hurts someone else.
Shit. He's gone.
This isn't happening.
Hey.
What's up?
I'm Trent.
What?
My name's Trent.
How's that working out
for you?
You're funny.
Hey, look.
I don't know if it's this
high stressful situation
but it's got me mad horny.
So look, I was thinking,
right,
we find ourselves a little spot,
you know, get busy‐
[choking]
Stop it!
I'm trying!
Please.... please...
[gasping]
Why even take us here
in the first place?
Guys, check it out.
That's my dad's wedding band.
I found it on the floor.
He was here.
We have to get out of here.
Hey. Your girl just tried
to kill me.
She's crazy, man!
Lauren.
Lauren! Lauren!
Cam: Lauren! Wake up!
Wake up!
Come on.
What's wrong with her?
Lauren. Lauren, wake up.
Open your eyes.
You have to wake up, okay?
Jai: Come on. Hey.
You have to wake up.
Come on.
Oh, thank god.
Paula: Okay, let's get her up.
Come on.
Are you okay?
Anybody else... feeling...
kinda lightheaded right now?
Paula: Luke!
[coughs]
[vomits]
God.
I thought you murks were
supposed to be bad asses.
What's the matter?
You never heard of
collateral damage?
What if we're wrong?
What if they don't have it?
Take that chance?
Hmm?!
You've seen what it does
to people!
You want that
all over the world?
We're stopping it
in its tracks.
We're cutting off the arm
to save the body.
That's all.
Come on.
Let's go find the others.
♪
[screams]
Please don't hurt me.
You killed Pops.
I didn't, I swear!
You got blood all over
your hands!
It's my blood
from my handcuffs!
You have to believe me!
Shut up!
[whimpers]
Ohhhh.
Shut up!
Dad?
[rustling]
[panting]
What the hell is that?
It's exhaust.
Okay, that could kill us,
right?
I think that's the point.
[coughing]
We have to find a way to block
these vents.
[banging]
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
[banging on door]
Open the fucking door!
Cam: Open the door!
Let us out!
Paula: Hey, open up!
[coughing]
Cam: Let us out!
Paula: Hey.
[coughing]
Hey!
Jai.
What're you doing?
Just get the door open.
Paula: Open up!
[coughing]
[banging]
Cam: Hey! Come on!
Paula: Open the door!!!
Cam: Come on! Open the door!
Let us out!
[coughing and banging]
[whimpers]
[door opens]
What're you gonna do to me?
You've really created
a situation here.
I didn't hurt anybody.
Here's the thing.
I don't believe you.
I've sacrificed everything
I believed in
to protect those people
out there.
What do you think
I should do to you?
Let me go.
I can't do that.
You put us both
in this situation.
If I let you live then those
troopers died for nothing.
And if you kill me
then you'll be a murderer.
But everyone in here
will be safe.
In all this death,
what's one more life?
[whimpers]
No.
[cocks gun]
[whimpers]
I'm really sorry about this.
I really am.
[sobbing]
♪
[fighting grunts]
Where are they?
What did Rhodes do with them?!
[grunts]
Easy.
Nobody needs to die.
[groans]
[banging and coughing]
Let us out!
[coughing]
Cam: Let us out.
Dad?
Dad!
I know you're in here!
Show yourself!
[growling and snarling]
Dad?
[snarling and growling]
[screaming]
Ahhhhh!!!!!
[banging]
[screams]
Ahhhh!!!!
[fighting grunts]
[snarling and growling]
I'm warning you, I got a lot
of shit to work out.
[fighting grunts]
Remember when you asked me
why the hell I'd wanna
take Krav Maga?
Well, this!
Is!
Why!
[banging]
[fighting grunts]
[thud]
[growling and snarling]
[grunt]
[coughing and banging]
Luke?
[coughing]
[thud]
[fighting grunts]
[choking]
[banging]
Cam: Let us out!
[coughing]
[banging]
Guys!
Can you hear me?
[coughing]
Hold on! I'm gonna
get you out!
[door jiggling]
[coughing]
[banging]
[short of breath]
[coughing]
[banging]
[yells]
[coughs]
♪
[battle cry]
[grunts]
[growling]
♪
[sobbing]
[banging]
Blackwood: Guys, hang on!
I'm gonna get you out!
[pounding on door]
Are we dead?
I don't think so.
[growling]
I almost...
But you didn't.
We can't give up
on each other,
otherwise we're
no better than them.
[growling]
[vicious growling]
[banging on lock]
[whoozy]
Ugh, I'm so sick
of almost dying.
‐Hey, are you okay?
‐Yeah, yeah.
You okay?
I feel like I just woke up
from a four‐day bender.
You look like it, too.
There it is.
There's that banter.
Where's Jai?
Cam: We need to help him?
Blackwood:
Guys, guys, it's Jai!
Jai!
Luke: Get him outta there.
♪
He saved us.
Those motherfuckers...
They brought us here
to kill us.
Cleargenix is cleaning up
their mess.
Oh, my god.
We told them where everyone
else was.
Then we have to get
there first.